---
title: My Resume
updated: 2016-08-24 15:56
---



### Read my long form resume below, or [download a PDF of the short form.](/download/Rory_Flynn_Resume.pdf)

## Education

### 2016 - Present, University of Colorado, Denver

Expected to Graduate in 2020: Masters of Computer Science

Concentration: Data Science in Biomedicine

### 2014 - 2015, Metropolitan State University of Denver

Graduated December 11, 2015: Bachelors of Science in Mathematics

Concentration: Probability and Statistics

Minor: Chemistry

GPA: 3.53


### 2011 - 2013, Community College of Denver

Graduated December 15, 2013: Associates of Science


## Recently Completed Classes

| Survival Analysis (Graduate)            | Biostatistical Methods (Graduate) |
| Regression and Computational Statistics | Probability Theory                |
| Statistical Theory                      | Design of Experiments             |
| Analytical Chemistry lecture/lab        | Biochemistry lecture/lab          |
 
## Work Experience

### March 2016 - Present, BBC Research and Consulting
 
As a Research Associate: 

Responsible for gathering information, analyzing data, and automating process for economic and social studies. 

Worked with large relational databases; cleaning proofing and analyzing the data there in. 

Acquired secondary data sets from corporate, government, and academic sources. 

Accomplished miscellaneous tasks with a tool kit including Stata, SQL, Perl, VBA, and others.

Created multiple complex web applications for data entry, tracking, and manipulation using the R-shiny
tool kit.

Designed a server environment from scratch for internal hosting in the company, using Ubuntu, Docker, and other tools. Maintained said server and software stack, while training others to do the same.

Automated statistical analyses, including multi-variable regression, ANOVA, and Monte Carlo Simulation.

Also automated the production of reports and graphics making otherwise impossible tasks mundane.

### May 2014 - January 2015, Recondo Technology
 
As a Cloud Operations Intern: 

I created various administrative programs using Ruby, BASH, Power shell, and Puppet scripts.

Tested scripts in a staging environment, and implemented them in production. 

Maintained stage and prod Linux servers, and managed customer data.


### May 2012 to February of 2013, Office Depot
 
Operated printing equipment and cash register.

Performed basic store maintenance tasks.


### June 2011 to October of 2011, King Soopers

Courtesy Clerk, Maintenance and Checkout

### June 2009 to August 2009, Far Away Creations

costume producer(Producing various Star Wars costumes)

## Skills


### Programming Languages

| **Python:** | 3 years of experience in academia, and corporate environments.                                  |
| **R:**      | 5 years of experience in academia and corporate environments.                                   |
| **C++:**    | 2 years of experience in academia.                                                              |
| **Perl:**   | On the job training, and experience.                                                            | 
| **SQL:**    | On the job training, and experience, primarily in Postgres and MySQL.                           |
| **BASH:**   | Hobby use and self teaching, with 6 years of experience in academia and corporate environments. |
| **SAS:**    | Formal training, experience in academia, and Certified Base Programmer for SAS9.                |

I will learn any necessary programming language quickly.

### Platforms

**Debian, Ubuntu, Red Hat & Other Linux:** My preferred operating system. Experience in industry and
academia. Strong understanding of the Linux tool kit, designed, and file structure, as well as an
understanding of the Linux ecosystem as a whole.

**Windows(7,8,10):** Comfortable troubleshooting and programming on this operating system, using tools
like PowerShell, ODBC, and VBA.


## Disciplines

| Data Management  |  Survival Analyses    | 
| Automation       |  Machine Learning     | 
| Web Scraping     |  Statistical Analyses | 


### Office Software

| Microsoft Office(word,excel,lync) | Google Office |
| Libre Office |  |


### Other Software

| Git        |  Linux Command Line | 
| VirtualBox |  Docker| 
| TEX/LaTeX  | | 

## References


References available upon request.









