---
title: My Resume
updated: 2020-9-21 15:56
---



### This is the online version of my resume. [Click here to download a PDF version](/download/Rory_Flynn_Resume.pdf)

## Education

### Masters of Computer Science
GPA : 3.867
School 
 : University of Colorado, Denver
Concentration 
 : Data Science in Biomedicine
Time line
 : Thesis in progress, Graduating: Dec, 2020

### Bachelors of Science in Mathematic
GPA : 3.53
School 
 : Metropolitan State University of Denver
Concentration
 : Probability and Statistics
Minor
 : Chemistry
Time line
 :  Graduated December 11, 2015


### Associates of Science
School 
 : Community College of Denver
Time line
 : Graduated December 15, 2013: 


 
## Employment


### University of Colorado Denver - Machine Learning Graduate Apprentice (Jan 2020 - Present)

Created documentation and tools to securely manage and analyze a large collection of GWAS data.
Designed an original algorithm, implemented in Keras, to address the challenge of imbalanced phenotype
in genetic data.

Utilized HPC resources to build, fit, and evaluate custom and off the shelf models.

### University of Colorado Denver - Teaching Assistant (Algorithms) (May 2019 - Dec 2019)

Responsible for assisting students with class comprehension and programming tasks, grading, and other
responsibilities.

### National Renewable Energy Lab (NREL) - Graduate Intern (May 2019 - Aug 2019)

Created a complex python package for transforming, arranging, and converting energy data sets to facilitate
NREL research.

### BBC Research and Consulting - Research Associate (Mar 2016 - Aug 2018)

Collected, managed, and analyzed survey data for economic and social studies.

Created complex web applications for data entry, tracking, and manipulation using the R-shiny tool kit.

Automated statistical analyzes, including multi-variable regression, ANOVA, and Monte Carlo Simulation.

Worked with large relational databases, cleaning, proofing, and analyzing the data therein.

### Recondo Technology - Cloud Operations Intern (May 2014 - January 2015)
 
Created various administrative programs using Ruby, BASH, Power Shell, and Puppet scripts.

Tested scripts in a staging environment, and implemented them in production. 

Maintained stage and prod Linux servers, and managed customer data.


### Office Depot May (2012 to February 2013)
 
Operated printing equipment and cash register.

Performed basic store maintenance tasks.


### King Soopers (June 2011 to October 2011) 

Courtesy Clerk, Maintenance and Checkout

### Far Away Creations (June 2009 to August 2009)

Costume producer(Producing various Star Wars costumes)

## Skills


### Programming Languages

**Python:** 3 years of experience in academia, and corporate environments.
**R:**      5 years of experience in academia and corporate environments.
**C++:**    2 years of experience in academia.
**Perl:**   On the job training, and experience.
**SQL:**    On the job training, and experience, primarily in Postgres and MySQL.
**BASH:**   Hobby use and self teaching, with 6 years of experience in academia and corporate environments. 
**SAS:**    Formal training, experience in academia, and Certified Base Programmer for SAS9.

I will learn any necessary programming language quickly.

### Platforms

**Debian, Ubuntu, Red Hat & Other Linux:** My preferred operating system. Experience in industry and
academia. Strong understanding of the Linux tool kit, designed, and file structure, as well as an
understanding of the Linux ecosystem as a whole.

**Windows(7,8,10):** Comfortable troubleshooting and programming on this operating system, using tools
like PowerShell, ODBC, and VBA.


## Disciplines

| Data Management  |  Survival Analyses    | 
| Automation       |  Machine Learning     | 
| Web Scraping     |  Statistical Analyses | 


### Office Software

| Microsoft Office(Word, Excel, Lync) | Google Office |
| Libre Office |  |


### Other Software

| Git        |  Linux Command Line | 
| VirtualBox |  Docker| 
| TEX/LaTeX  | | 

## References


References available upon request.
